# Grazioso-Salvare-Dashboard

When writing programs, developers should always use best practices. Some best practices include proper line commenting, indentation, and consistent naming conventions. In implementing CRUD with the dashboard, consistent naming was required since there were many programs invloved in getting the dashboard to function. The programs needed were Linux, MongoDB, and Jupyter. I was able to to make the code more maintainable by keeping the CRUD python module seperate from the dashboard code allowing for maintaiability withough impact to both the module and the dashboard. You could use CRUD pyython module for any database that would require the use of a create, read, update, and delete feature. 

As a computer scientist, I approach problems by understanding user needs. By understanding user needs I am able to develop a high quality program. I approached the database by creating a user login in MongoDB. The CRUD module was created next and that was created using Jupyter, and lastly the developing the dashboard, also in Jupyter. I had a problem with getting the CRUD module to work, but after a week of process of elimation I was able to resolve the issue. I had an authentication problem that was resolved by creating a new user account in the correct database. This course differed from other courses due to being able to develop a dashboard instead of doing small excersizes and partial developments. Other courses offer a small window of insight into the subject, but this course helped me to get a glimpse of a software development lifecyle. 

Computer Scientist do a wide range of tasks. Some tasks include developing software, managing large sets of data, and designing algorithms. Computer Scientist's work matter because their work can advance technology and improve efficiency among many others. My work on this type of project help a company like Grazioso Salvare do their work better by filtering alot of the searching for them. The CRUD python module created along with the dashboard will automatically find the requested qualifications of shelter dogs able to be trained to become rescue dogs. This cuts down the time needed to find dogs allowing Grazioso Salvare to focus to training to rescuing. 
